hi so today on touching you about some
chef and snipe on surfaced I have seen
for many different videos and things
that I'll be you know delivered to your
door food services your basic senses for
me to ever want to try it on if you're
new to my channel I try to be very
budget-conscious especially with our
groceries because that seems to be if
you where you have the most control over
your budget
like a weekly basis it's also where it
can go crazy out of control if you go
out to eat a lot which mirror I think
most people struggle with that on a
regular basis
it only takes going out to eat a couple
times extra a month for our budget to
get out of control so spending that much
money on having to deliver to our house
still have to cook um which is not
something I was interested in but I plan
on doing a video about this later on
I've been doing side effects a lot we
are trying to kind of make extra money
if you haven't heard of swag but it's
kind of like eBay this different sort of
any cash back you get it in gift cards
but you can also do more than just
purchasing through the website you can
get some just for searching with our
tool bar you can get points for watching
videos or answering surveys and it
doesn't add a lot you know you have to
be committed or just bored and be
willing to go through a lot of time to
get a little bit of extra cash if you'll
get this at home on that something I can
just do every once in a while and then
I'm hoping to have a big thing to use as
gift cards towards at the end of the
year I'm forgetting that they had a home
chef deal on
Swagbucks and it was you got and want to
say it was mm yeah mm like let's point
if you purchase a trial on it and I also
have a discount another thing is if you
click on those type ones they also has
blue aprons and hellofresh do serious
I'm not sure how those compare
price-wise with this one to film when
I've done so far but they gave you two
thousand slide but and when you click on
it sometimes they'll automatically give
you how many you know it will
automatically give you the default of
like I want to do it three meals a week
and for four people you don't have to
stick to that so I change it to two
people or two days a week to get it to
the lowest price point because I knew
them give me money off of that as well
and I figure we could probably split the
cheat meals between the three of us me
and my son could probably split it or I
could just make some exercise if I felt
like we needed to to make the food go
further this was really just to try it I
was just really curious about it so if
you've been curious about what I'm
looking and you're willing to do
swagbucks for other stuff I mean
instantly that'll give you like a $20
gift card so we did two days a week
which we will send it for one week for
two people and it gave it torch my
husband's credit card after the discount
but it offers me $19 and then we get
pretty much $20 worth of swipe thoughts
points back so it's pretty much like
trying it for free I will talk more
about it as videos Ivana just pictures
and video are meals that we tried out
last week and I know there are some of
them that would be way worse than this
one but I feel like for us these
services are very hard because we are
more on the Tiki and simple food slide
for our personal likes and dislikes Oh
food I didn't think it was really fun it
was nice having food deliberating about
having to worry about what I was gonna
cook for two nights a week I like that
it kind of got us to try different foods
which is one of the things I really
wanted for us is to try different
chemical I keep only making the bomb
range
isida got is to try different foods I
thought it was fun because it was stuff
that I would normally cook so I thought
it was fun and I think he would be super
helpful for someone who does not who
might be as innocent earlier but who
does it cook a lot or has not just a lot
in their past and just needs to kind of
get comfortable with it and kind of get
step-by-step instructions on how to do
certain things so that they can get more
comfortable in the kitchen
I think this would be a really fun date
night kind of thing to do if you and
your significant other enjoy cooking
together and I would be really fun to do
metric we'll try it again if I find
other fields a list of blue apron and it
just looked like it was it we're way too
picky for I think blue apron I am kind
of watching hellofresh to see if they've
got some menu items coming up in the
next couple weeks and see if it's worth
doing food swagbucks
and see what it what kind of evens up to
like as well as it paintin dollars
whatnot
yeah I just limit to go ahead and share
with you I know a lot of the ones a lot
of the people who do these or they're
sponsored or they just might be more
interested just kind of way to give you
a personal you know honest opinion of a
normal family trying it out and see if
they like it
so I hope that you enjoyed it you
haven't already
please subscribe to my channel my
channel I do do a lot of review reviews
lately but I also do a lot of budgeting
and planning and I play my talking more
about budgeting Fred's in the future and
just I really focused on all right my
talk I really this focus on kind of my
fate home lifestyle and budgeting and
kind of our frugal lifestyle I just want
to show you this is the cookbook that
they send you I think most of these this
owned companies come with like beach
instructions you can feel welcome
you can earn div' dollars worth of
credit if you refer to someone else and
then that person gets 30 dollars I will
leave my choice below you don't have to
click on it don't feel obligated to but
it should give you $30 off and gives me
30 dollars towards it and honestly you
might want to check outside back because
it might be a better deal because you
might get the discount plus $20 in
toilet points but I like that they not
only gives the person that has the
referral I was at they give the other
person the deal cause I feel like that
makes it worth it in the light of these
you know those companies you put your
referral link and there's really no
incentive for the person to click on
your referral link because they're not
getting the discount is just getting
cash to the person week I really like
that about the company I'm going to give
full instructions really bright colors
and I think that's really cool
so if you're kind of trying to build
your recipe so you can try this and see
if you like it and then you can make it
you need to get the items yourself and
make it whenever you want to I honestly
would just never try the and I like
sweep the San Fran so I've never tried
to make them at home I do need to find a
way to make them crispy so if you know
of a trick
if you're baking them to make them
crispy or please looking down the
comments below because I'm really into
it a potato fries but I did feel that
they got cold quickly and then they
kinda got a little mushy I would have
never tried the sauce that comes with I
was really good and I mean I never you
made anything with that this is miso
juice but I don't even have it miso
paste oil used in the sauce and then
also in the burger meat for flavor and
it was really good and I would have
never meant to just to do that so I
think I think it's a really cool service
I think just learning different things
that you like and difficult that you
don't it's really neat - thanks so much
for watching and let's go ahead and get
into it and see how the meal plan thanks
bye
out of all the meals these are the two
that I've take those probably the most
that's another thing with these is
sometimes they're like oh man it is just
be healthier but they're like really
kind of more adventurous eating than our
family is used to so I got this Sicilian
herb chicken and then I got the UNAMI
burger and I'm just going to eliminate
the mushrooms because my husband does
not eat mushrooms and actually I might
eliminate the onions as well because
they make I cannot eat fresh onions and
makes me very sick on my stomach but
it's the tsunami burger with white
cheddar and Parmesan soup potato fries
and then this facility and our chicken
has green beans and pretty much like
mozzarella on top of tomatoes baked like
that and this is what we're going to be
making tonight so came in this box is
actually a smaller box than I expected
it to be and most of the zip it in the
fridge so I'll go get that in disrespect
I just let the anyone put these in the
fridge where they want I'm getting like
too cold but it's actually still cold
and I didn't even have it in with the
ice pack
but the may canes inside the bag is the
ice pack and then everything else was
packaged on top of it and the only thing
is that Oh what I didn't even realize it
came with that
so cancel it come to the cookbook to
that I can put mine it really like that
so I guess I'm just not a segment that's
cool
I said you can earn $30 credits by I
guess referrals so I will even fire a
referral link below in case you want to
help me get there you know seven um does
it give it okay so it does give you $30
and credit to the person that signs up
as well so that makes it worth it to you
to use the referral links I like that
instead of it just being a referral and
the person who's buying it isn't getting
anything out of it that kind of you know
I mean other than helping me out it
wouldn't give you any incentive I like
it when they give you a discount um
that's really cool okay
the only thing you know we didn't really
care for is how much packaging it takes
but that is what they I'm assuming has
to do so they they can keep everything
fresh until you get home because you do
not have to be you don't have to be
there to get the box it'll just be on
your doorstep and I'll stay cold those i
spects we got this like almost first
thing this morning and it's now so the
classes I fax are still really cold so I
will be right back with the other food
all right so here is the funny to me
that they give you but like one is
restaurant campus butter and
everything's kind of pre portioned out
this is for the Sicilian herb chicken
and then this is for the UNAMI burger
and then here was my to meet items they
are individually packaged to their like
a
field I do like it told me to cook them
within 5 days so that I knew how long I
had before I needed to produce before
they go bad
all right so tonight we make this is
silly and herb chicken I'm not sure how
much of it I'm going to vlog I'm going
to try to block a lot of it and then
I'll show you the final product I'm in
case you're interested in how it's
packaged inside probably go ahead and
show this to click parsley to multi
tomatoes mozzarella cheese some setter
stomach glaze and my coal oil container
I'll probably whoo-hah know what I was
thinking okay I'll call you bu second
Tina if it looks like it's good quality
this smell strong um up another butter
Italian seasoning my fresh green beans
those look really good and my little
cloves of garlic so it shows like how
many calories it's been prepping baked
time prepping cook time 25 to 35 minutes
cook within five days difficulty easy
think of this and not spicy it tells you
what's in your box and what you need
from your kitchen to make it
and then I like that it's got very
detailed picture descriptions alright so
the first thing is sale is past the
tomatoes links wise I always if I'm
trying to do something where it's going
to lay flat like that like a half baked
potato sweet potato or something I let
it kind of just figure out where it's
gonna
like flat easily on its own that makes
sense
you know like you want to make sure it's
going to be a ballet flat when you make
it
one's all day or the other without me
alright
and she did one a little even linger
there yeah right
and then this is to take a face we know
it just kick this is the part as
Tomatoes I don't like when it comes to
fresh tomatoes I don't like the same
part I've actually just said eating
tomatoes maybe about a year ago like
more regularly
all right my um my washer is still going
and it's really loud
there's the tomatoes all cut out and so
we go through the green beans and chop
off see in so I wasn't able to keep
logging it but I just wanted to show you
the pictures as I cooked with them and
prepared them the tomatoes had to be
cooked first and then I had to toss the
green beans with the flavoring and cook
up the chicken in the pan and I liked it
it then had me bake all of them together
so it was all on one pan it was really
easy to clean up okay so this is what we
ended up with the green beans I have a
feeling this don't are going to be big
fans of this we like really tender green
beans I did add some croissants some
Spanish pajamas not looking forward to
this meal there they're just not sure
about it and then I did have to cut the
chicken breast because we have three
people super excited to try this
until I added this balsamic glaze they
say to drizzle on it I mean I pretty
much patted it off because it smelled
horrible and it was like super strong
and super Dukey like it wasn't I don't
know I kind of wish I hadn't done it
because it's just what the Italian are
just smelled amazing and now I'm worried
I ruined it by adding that um Alfama
clay so I will let you know how it turns
out alright guys so everyone loved the
chicken and all of the cheese out of the
tomato I kind of liked the tomato one
and the ones those didn't have like a
super thick flesh you can tasted like a
like a little pizza it was really
actually pretty good and the green beans
which is to country for everyone we are
southern and
we like are like cooked in a pot for a
long time kind of green beans I mean I
don't like them especially as some
southerners but we definitely like a
more soft green bean so I thought it's
fun to make I really liked having it you
know trying outside of our comfort zone
having fresh stuff already sent to you
unfortunately this one just didn't work
out very well other than the chicken and
there was it wasn't enough for everyone
especially for the chicken I could've
easily have had like I have chicken in
the fridge now I could have easily have
made another one there's plenty of
Italian seasoning to go around so that's
something to keep in mind if you want to
keep down on cost me three people and
you don't want to go get the whole for
one because it does cost a lot more per
person go ahead get the two and maybe
add an extra couple of like sighs or
maybe if you have chicken like already
at home or any extra meat from what they
have I'm glad that I took try to take
those up stomach off because the bite I
had that had it like a lot left on it I
didn't really care for it it's a very
sweet taste and it's not what I
performed by even smelling it right now
I'm not a big fan of it um some of the
best we'll try the burger tomorrow
hopefully I mean burger how can you go
wrong right I plan to add this all
together and let you know if we really
cared for this or not right bye hi guys
so this is what I'm making today our
second and last one and I did only order
two meals so I'm making a UNAMI burger
this entire and calories obviously with
it being a burger is 186 it's going to
take 30 40 minutes and I'm assuming the
sweet potatoes are going to take a while
to bake and
easiness by see here's the things in the
box you have white cheddar
that's a Mesa paste
I've never owned I had never used that
before we will see this is sun-dried
tomato paste I'm assuming because it's
all that's left an onion some mushrooms
some Parmesan cheese sweet potato and
the beef and then they had two packs of
mayonnaise in it alright so I will just
show you pictures and do a voiceover of
it cuz I know it last night it was hard
ended up doing that and this is too hard
to try to film a and cut up stuff and
everything because I'm kind of working
on a tight time schedule with my
youngest one and honestly we're all like
starving right now and I will be back
writer
just for the record cutting of sweet
tooth it's really hard I first heard
this nice and then I had the first of
this one and it still is hard so I don't
know when I mean I sharpen my knives
pretty regularly well if it's just that
hard or is there a trick to it cuz I
thought like it was really hard to do
and it took way longer than it should've
alright so if anybody's wondering that
is what music piece looks like so you
might be like wow she is like so my ease
of the motor variant but for me I have
never ever heard of that when there's
the sun-dried pesto that was amazing
and there's the the mayonnaise
I did a flex Drive teeny little spot and
and also quit in the world fat in the
mayonnaise but it is mayonnaise made
with alright come on focus sunflower oil
so I'm assuming that's like just some
flour stuff I don't know anyways
I have some enzyme paged
I was hoping it was only going to be
used in here so if my husband didn't
like he didn't have to dip his fries in
there but habits has to be saved for the
burger we're all worried that he's going
to be like oh I'm not going to eat it
this was always the part that I dread
the touching beef or chicken with my
rare hands yes the mom and so when he
looks on a lot I always have to do it
and I get over it and I do it but yes
anybody else like this where they just
hate it and they wash their hands like a
million times it might just mean me
there's more miso paste so I put the
miso paste and the right they grow the
rest of the music I paste and the half
the parmesan and this and then there is
the sauce for the fries so I guys might
be a little shaky and trying to do this
with my left hand which is so clean
right when I get back to this so this is
how I cooked the sweet potato fries in
the oven if you have a better way of
doing this that crisps up better please
let me know in the comments below
because I loved these sweet potato fries
they were amazing I just wish they were
a little bit crispier the burgers ended
up really good it was a really you could
tell it's a really good quality beef and
also the white cheddar that they
provided with it was really good my
husband was not he didn't I don't think
he tried the sauce at all because it had
me and he's in it but my son and I loved
the sauce it was so good it was
especially good with the sweet potato
fries and then I didn't put them on the
burger in case they didn't want them on
the burger but my son and I both ended
up dipping our burger into it because we
had no saw other sauce we didn't want to
put ketchup or anything on it and it was
it was amazing I definitely will try to
recreate a sauce similar to this
next time I make sweet potato fries so
all in all I think that this was a
really enjoyable service to try
especially for being able to pretty much
get it free after getting the swag buck
points back so let me know in the
comments below if you have tried any of
these meal prepared boxes and which ones
that you liked or did you not like them
also please let me know if you know of
any of these deals that or you end up
pretty much getting it for free or for
very very cheap or if there are any of
the other boxes that you would like me
to review I'll be sure to do that if you
haven't already please like and
subscribe and thanks again for watching
I